Improvements to Activity related concepts (#1210)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-task-routing.md

  - explanation
---

Task Routing is simply when a Task Queue is paired with one or more Workers, primarily for Activity Task Executions.

This could also mean employing multiple Task Queues each one paired with a Worker Process.

There are many use cases for Task Routing.

### Flow control

> A Worker that consumes from a Task Queue asks for an Activity Task only when it has available capacity, so that is never overloaded by request spikes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Worker that consumes from a Task Queue asks for an Activity Task only when it has available capacity, so it is never overloaded by request spikes.
```

- [PHP file processing example](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-php/tree/master/app/src/FileProcessing)
- [Go file processing example](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/master/fileprocessing)

#### Sessions

Some SDKs provide a Session API that provides a straightforward way to ensure that Activity Tasks are executed with the same Worker without requiring you to manually specify Task Queue names.
It also includes features like **concurrent session limitations** and **worker failure detection**.

- [How to create Worker Sessions in Go](/go/how-to-create-a-worker-session-in-go)

#### Route Activity Tasks to a specific process

> Some Activities load large data sets and cache them in the process.
> The Activities that rely on this data set should be routed to the same process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Activities load large datasets and cache them in the process.
The Activities that rely on those datasets should be routed to the same process.
```
Per Google, "dataset" is closed up.
